AB#730 Update cli documentation (#32)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/getting-started/cli.md

  Manifest written to: manifest-signature.json
  ```

* ### `signature`

  Print the signature of a Marblerun manifest.
  The manifest can be in either json or yaml format.

  **Usage**

  ```bash
  marblerun manifest signature manifest.json
  ```

>   The output is the sha256 hash in base64 of the input data as it would be interpreted by the Marblerun coordinator.
>   This means if your manifest is in yaml format you will not receive the same output when hashing the file with your own tools.
>   For one manifest the output of `marblerun manifest signature` and the signature returned by `marblerun manifest get` should be the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The output is the sha256 hash in base64 encoding of the manifest as it would be interpreted by the Marblerun coordinator.
  Note, that Internally, the coordinator handles the manifest in JSON format. Hence, the signature is always based on the JSON format of your manifest.
  You can quickly verify the integrity of the installed manifest by comparing the output of `marblerun manifest signature` on your local version and the signature returned by `marblerun manifest get` of the coordinator's version.
```
